[Computer chime noise]
Audio Description:
A cartoon of a robot
representing Microsoft
Copilot appears on screen.
The robot waves to the audience.
Matthew Deeprose: Can
generative AI tools such
as Copilot help us make
content more accessible?
In this video I’ll cover four
scenarios I’ve used this year.
Audio Description: The robot transforms
captions into a transcript.
Matthew Deeprose:
Taking a set of captions and
[sparkly noise]
turning it into a formatted transcript.
Audio Description: The robot transforms
an image into a text.
Matthew Deeprose: Writing alternative text for images.
[Sparkly Noise]
Audio Description: Another
robot labelled Whisper AI appears.
[Reverberating noise]
Together they transform
a podcast into a transcript.
Matthew Deeprose: Transforming
a podcast into a written transcript
[Sparkly noises]
with speaker attribution
and formatting.
Audio Description: The copilot robot
creates text, images, tables and graphs.
Matthew Deeprose: And generating
sample content for use in
accessibility workshops.
[Squirrely electronic noise]
I’ll share how you can
recreate these scenarios...
Audio Description: The background darkens.
Articles about concerns
around climate sustainability and
bias appear above Copilot robot's head.
Matthew Deeprose: ... and touch upon
some of the challenges
[Deflated robot noise]
and opportunities of using generative AI.
Audio Description: The background clears.
A laptop displaying
the presentation webpage
appears beside the Copilot robot.
[Robot appearence chime]
Matthew Deeprose: On my
website matthewdeeprose.github.io
you can find the presentation
recording, a list of the prompts I share,
example files I used in the presentation,
and links to further resources.
Audio Description: The
laptop is replaced on
screen by a mobile phone
displaying the transcript.
Matthew Deeprose: You will also find an
enhanced transcript of the presentation
with images and example videos added
so that if you prefer to
read the content you can.
Audio Description: The screen clears.